Devservices documentation (#281)
quarkiverse/quarkus-amazon-services: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/amazon-cognitouserpools.adoc

** An AWS Account to access the Cognito service
** Or Docker for your system to run Cognito locally for testing purposes

=== Provision Cognito locally via Dev Services

The easiest way to start working with Cognito is to run a local instance using Dev Services.

=== Provision Cognito locally manually

> You can also setup a local version of Cognito manually, first start a localstack container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also set up a local version of Cognito manually, first start a localstack container:
```

Reviewer: The noun is `setup`, the verb is `set up`.

> You can also set up a local version of Cognito manually, first start a LocalStack container:

Author: indeed, same goes for dynamodb using official amazon/dynamodb-local
